Add tip boxes related to selectively adding CApps to service catalog (#5177)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/tutorials/integration-tutorials/service-catalog-tutorial-for-proxy-services.md

    -   `StockQuoteProxy`

> 3. By Default, `Publish to Service Catalog` check box is enabled. If not, please enable the check box in the wizard so that it will include Metadata files of the selected artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. By default, the `Publish to Service Catalog` checkbox is enabled. If not, please select the checkbox in the wizard so that it will include metadata files of the selected artifacts.
```
